h. pylori	is a	bacteria
h. pylori	causes	gastric ulcers
h. pylori	can be detected by	urea breath test
h. pylori	is treated with	antibiotics
clarithromycin	is an	antibiotic
h. pylori	can lead to	stomach cancer
h. pylori	is associated with	gastritis
h. pylori	increases the risk of	peptic ulcer disease
h. pylori	can be transmitted through	contaminated food and water
h. pylori	is diagnosed using	endoscopy
anti-helicobacter pylori therapy	is used to	eradicate the bacteria
h. pylori	is linked to	dyspepsia
h. pylori	is more common in	developing countries
h. pylori	contributes to the development of	duodenal ulcers
h. pylori	is a	gram-negative bacterium
h. pylori	produces	urease enzyme
h. pylori	is associated with	stomach inflammation
h. pylori	can be transmitted from	person to person
h. pylori	is resistant to	some antibiotics
h. pylori infection	increases the risk of	gastric cancer
h. pylori	can cause	anemia
h. pylori	is commonly found in the	stomach
h. pylori	is detected using	stool antigen test
h. pylori	can be transmitted through	saliva
h. pylori	is more prevalent in	older adults
h. pylori	can be transmitted during	kissing
h. pylori	is associated with	peptic ulcer bleeding
h. pylori	is a major cause of	gastritis
h. pylori infection	is more common in	low socioeconomic status
h. pylori	is linked to	gastric lymphoma
h. pylori	can be transmitted through	contaminated utensils
h. pylori	can be eradicated using	proton pump inhibitors
h. pylori	can cause	weight loss
h. pylori	can be transmitted through	vomit
h. pylori	affects the	stomach lining
h. pylori	can be transmitted through	feces
h. pylori	is associated with	peptic ulcer perforation
h. pylori	can cause	gastritis
h. pylori	is commonly found in the	duodenum
h. pylori	is associated with	gastric metaplasia
h. pylori	is transmitted through	close contact
h. pylori	can cause	stomach pain
h. pylori	is linked to	gastric adenocarcinoma
h. pylori infection	is more common in	males
h. pylori	is found in the	gastrointestinal tract
h. pylori	can be transmitted through	oral sex
h. pylori	can cause	malabsorption of nutrients
h. pylori	is associated with	gastric atrophy
h. pylori	can survive in	acidic environment
h. pylori	can be transmitted through	breastfeeding
h. pylori	is more prevalent in	smokers
h. pylori	is associated with	stomach acid production
h. pylori	can be transmitted through	sexual contact
h. pylori	is resistant to	metronidazole
h. pylori	can cause	gastric outlet obstruction
h. pylori	is commonly found in	the antrum
h. pylori	can be transmitted through	vomit
h. pylori	is linked to	gastric volvulus
h. pylori	can cause	duodenal ulcers
h. pylori	is commonly found in	the corpus
h. pylori	can be transmitted through	saliva
h. pylori	is more prevalent in	African American population
h. pylori	is associated with	gastric acid suppression
h. pylori	can be transmitted through	contaminated food
h. pylori	is resistant to	clarithromycin
h. pylori	can cause	gastric polyps
h. pylori	is associated with	gastric hyperplasia
h. pylori	can be transmitted through	feces
h. pylori	is more common in	people with low socioeconomic status
h. pylori	is linked to	gastric ulcer bleeding
h. pylori	can cause	vitamin B12 deficiency
h. pylori	is commonly found in	the pylorus
h. pylori	can be transmitted through	sharing utensils
h. pylori	is associated with	gastric ulcer perforation
h. pylori	can infect the	esophagus
h. pylori	can be transmitted through	oral contact
h. pylori	is commonly found in	the cardia
h. pylori	can cause	acid reflux
h. pylori	is resistant to	amoxicillin
h. pylori	can be transmitted through	fecal-oral route
h. pylori	is more common in	people living in overcrowded conditions
h. pylori	is associated with	gastric ulcer scarring
h. pylori	can cause	stomach bleeding
