intestinal infection due to e. coli	is caused by	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can lead to	diarrhea
e. coli	is a type of	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	may require	antibiotics
ciprofloxacin	is an	antibiotic
antibiotics	can help	treat intestinal infection due to e. coli
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted through	contaminated food or water
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can result in	dehydration
dehydration	can be caused by	diarrhea
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	practicing good hygiene
hygiene	includes	washing hands regularly
intestinal infection due to e. coli	is diagnosed through	stool culture
stool culture	is a test to	detect the presence of e. coli
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be severe in	immunocompromised individuals
immunocompromised individuals	have weakened	immune systems
intestinal infection due to e. coli	is associated with	abdominal pain
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can lead to	bloody stools
bloody stools	are a symptom of	intestinal infection due to e. coli
intestinal infection due to e. coli	is treated with	supportive care
supportive care	includes	fluid replacement
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	hemolytic uremic syndrome
hemolytic uremic syndrome	is a	severe complication
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can result in	kidney damage
kidney damage	is a potential	long-term effect
intestinal infection due to e. coli	has a risk of	transmission to others
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be diagnosed through	stool culture
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be managed with	rest and hydration
rest and hydration	are important for	recovering from the infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	is more common in	young children
young children	are at higher risk	for developing severe illness
gastroenteritis	is another term for	intestinal infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	is a type of	gastroenteritis
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	properly cooking meat
properly cooking meat	can kill	e. coli bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	sepsis
sepsis	is a life-threatening	condition
intestinal infection due to e. coli	may require	hospitalization
hospitalization	may be necessary	for severe cases
intestinal infection due to e. coli	is diagnosed through	laboratory tests
laboratory tests	can identify	the specific strain of e. coli
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be treated with	antibiotics
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can lead to	kidney failure
kidney failure	can require	dialysis
dialysis	is a treatment	for kidney failure
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	washing fruits and vegetables
washing fruits and vegetables	can remove	potential contamination
gastrointestinal symptoms	are common in	intestinal infection due to e. coli
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be spread through	person-to-person contact
person-to-person contact	increases the	risk of transmission
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	abdominal cramps
abdominal cramps	are a symptom of	intestinal infection due to e. coli
intestinal infection due to e. coli	is more common in	summer months
summer months	are associated with	increased cases of gastrointestinal illnesses
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	fever
fever	is a common	symptom of infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	avoiding undercooked ground beef
avoiding undercooked ground beef	reduces the risk	of e. coli contamination
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted through	contaminated water sources
contaminated water sources	can harbor	e. coli bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	vomiting
vomiting	is a symptom of	intestinal infection due to e. coli
intestinal infection due to e. coli	is treated with	supportive therapies
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can result in	electrolyte imbalances
electrolyte imbalances	can be corrected	through intravenous fluids
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	malnutrition
malnutrition	can occur due to	decreased appetite
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can result in	weight loss
weight loss	is a potential	long-term effect
intestinal infection due to e. coli	is more common in	developing countries
developing countries	may have limited	access to clean water and sanitation
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be diagnosed through	stool sample analysis
stool sample analysis	can detect the presence	of e. coli bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	practicing food safety measures
food safety measures	include	proper food storage
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	fatigue
fatigue	is a common	symptom of infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted through	contact with animals
contact with animals	increases the	risk of infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	septicemia
septicemia	is a life-threatening	condition
intestinal infection due to e. coli	may require	intravenous fluids
intravenous fluids	are used to	treat dehydration
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be treated with	oral rehydration solution
oral rehydration solution	helps replace	lost fluids and electrolytes
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can lead to	septic shock
septic shock	is a	medical emergency
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can result in	kidney complications
kidney complications	can require	ongoing medical care
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	liver damage
liver damage	can manifest as	elevated liver enzymes
intestinal infection due to e. coli	is associated with	contaminated food products
contaminated food products	can be recalled	due to e. coli contamination
intestinal infection due to e. coli	is more common in	individuals with weakened immune systems
individuals with weakened immune systems	are at higher risk	for serious complications
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	washing hands before handling food
washing hands before handling food	helps reduce	the spread of bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	is caused by	bacterial contamination
intestinal infection due to e. coli	may lead to	diarrhea
e. coli	can cause	foodborne illnesses
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can result in	dehydration
e. coli bacteria	can be transmitted through	contaminated food or water
intestinal infection due to e. coli	is diagnosed by	stool culture
antibiotics	are used for	treating intestinal infection due to e. coli
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	practicing good hygiene
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be fatal in	immunocompromised individuals
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	hemolytic uremic syndrome
hemolytic uremic syndrome	may result in	kidney failure
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can lead to	sepsis
intestinal infection due to e. coli	may require	hospitalization
hydration	is important in	managing intestinal infection due to e. coli
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can lead to	electrolyte imbalances
intestinal infection due to e. coli	may require	supportive care
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	abdominal pain
intestinal infection due to e. coli	may require	fluid replacement
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can result in	bloody stools
e. coli	is a	gram-negative bacterium
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be contracted through	contact with farm animals
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	vomiting
intestinal infection due to e. coli	is more common in	young children
intestinal infection due to e. coli	is treated with	antibiotics
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can spread through	person-to-person contact
intestinal infection due to e. coli	may be associated with	contaminated produce
e. coli	is a type of	enterohemorrhagic bacterium
intestinal infection due to e. coli	is diagnosed based on	clinical symptoms
intestinal infection due to e. coli	is a	bacterial infection
bacterial infection	can cause	diarrhea
escherichia coli	is a	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can result in	dehydration
dehydration	can lead to	electrolyte imbalance
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted through	contaminated food or water
contaminated food or water	can contain	fecal matter
fecal matter	can harbor	e. coli bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	practicing good hygiene
good hygiene	includes	handwashing
handwashing	helps prevent	bacterial infections
intestinal infection due to e. coli	may require	antibiotic treatment
antibiotics	can kill	e. coli bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	may lead to	sepsis
sepsis	is a	life-threatening condition
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be diagnosed through	stool culture
stool culture	identifies	e. coli bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	abdominal pain
abdominal pain	may be relieved by	analgesics
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can result in	hospitalization
hospitalization	may be necessary for	severe cases
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be associated with	bloody diarrhea
bloody diarrhea	indicates	intestinal bleeding
intestinal bleeding	can cause	anemia
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can increase the risk of	hemolytic uremic syndrome
hemolytic uremic syndrome	is a	kidney condition
kidney condition	may require	dialysis
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be treated with	supportive care
supportive care	includes	fluid replacement
fluid replacement	helps prevent	dehydration
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can occur as a result of	consuming undercooked meat
undercooked meat	may contain	e. coli bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	following proper food safety practices
proper food safety practices	include	cooking meat thoroughly
cooking meat thoroughly	kills	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be spread through	person-to-person contact
person-to-person contact	facilitates	transmission of bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be associated with	urinary tract infections
urinary tract infections	can be caused by	e. coli bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can result in	kidney damage
kidney damage	may lead to	chronic kidney disease
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be diagnosed based on	symptoms and laboratory tests
laboratory tests	can detect	e. coli bacteria or toxins
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be treated with	antibiotics
antibiotics	help kill	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	fever
fever	is a	common symptom of infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted from	animals to humans
animals	can carry	e. coli bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be managed with	probiotics
probiotics	help restore	healthy gut bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can result in	malnutrition
malnutrition	can occur due to	poor nutrient absorption
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can lead to	colitis
colitis	is inflammation of	the colon
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented through	water sanitation
water sanitation	reduces	bacterial contamination
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be associated with	urinary symptoms
urinary symptoms	include	frequent urination
frequent urination	may be a sign of	urinary tract infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be diagnosed by	analyzing stool samples
stool samples	can reveal	bacterial presence
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can result in	septicemia
septicemia	is a	bloodstream infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	may require	hospitalization
hospitalization	is necessary for	severe cases
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be spread through	contaminated surfaces
contaminated surfaces	can harbor	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be treated with	antibiotics
antibiotics	kill	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	vomiting
vomiting	may lead to	dehydration
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted during	sexual activity
sexual activity	can facilitate	transmission of bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can affect	people of all ages
people of all ages	can be susceptible to	e. coli infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be accompanied by	fatigue
fatigue	is a	common symptom of infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be treated with	anti-diarrheal medications
anti-diarrheal medications	help relieve	diarrhea
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can lead to	kidney failure
kidney failure	can be life-threatening
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can occur as a result of	poor sanitation
poor sanitation	encourages	bacterial growth
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be diagnosed using	polymerase chain reaction tests
polymerase chain reaction tests	detect	bacterial DNA
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	bloating
bloating	is a	common gastrointestinal symptom
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted through	contaminated utensils
contaminated utensils	can harbor	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	washing hands before eating
washing hands before eating	reduces	bacterial contamination
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be associated with	septic shock
septic shock	is a	life-threatening condition
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be linked to	unpasteurized dairy products
unpasteurized dairy products	can contain	harmful bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	inflammation
inflammation	is the body's	immune response
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can lead to	septic arthritis
septic arthritis	is an	infection of the joints
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	avoiding raw or undercooked foods
raw or undercooked foods	may contain	harmful bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be associated with	abdominal cramps
abdominal cramps	are a	common symptom of infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be treated with	rehydration therapy
rehydration therapy	helps restore	fluid balance
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can result in	organ failure
organ failure	is a	life-threatening condition
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted through	contact with infected individuals
contact with infected individuals	increases the risk of	infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be managed with	dietary changes
dietary changes	can help reduce	symptoms of infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	rectal bleeding
rectal bleeding	indicates	gastrointestinal bleeding
gastrointestinal bleeding	can lead to	anemia
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	practicing safe food handling
safe food handling	reduces	bacterial contamination
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be associated with	liver complications
liver complications	can occur as a result of	bacterial infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be treated with	antidiarrheal medications
antidiarrheal medications	help control	diarrhea
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	weight loss
weight loss	may be due to	poor nutrient absorption
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted through	contaminated surfaces
contaminated surfaces	can harbor	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	practicing proper food hygiene
proper food hygiene	includes	washing fruits and vegetables
washing fruits and vegetables	removes	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be associated with	neurological symptoms
neurological symptoms	include	confusion
confusion	may be a	sign of infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can increase the risk of	kidney infection
kidney infection	can lead to	complications
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be diagnosed through	laboratory tests
laboratory tests	can detect	bacterial presence
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be treated with	antibiotics
antibiotics	help fight	bacterial infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	anorexia
anorexia	is a	loss of appetite
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted through	contaminated water sources
contaminated water sources	can contain	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	avoiding raw or undercooked eggs
raw or undercooked eggs	may contain	salmonella bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be associated with	respiratory symptoms
respiratory symptoms	include	coughing
coughing	can spread	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can lead to	septic shock
septic shock	is a	life-threatening condition
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be linked to	contaminated vegetables
contaminated vegetables	can carry	harmful bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	intestinal perforation
intestinal perforation	requires	surgical intervention
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	pasteurizing dairy products
pasteurizing dairy products	kills	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted through	contact with infected animals
contact with infected animals	increases the risk of	infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be managed with	antipyretic medications
antipyretic medications	help reduce	fever
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	septicemia
septicemia	is a	bloodstream infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can occur as a result of	consuming raw fruits or vegetables
raw fruits or vegetables	may be contaminated with	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	washing hands after using the bathroom
washing hands after using the bathroom	reduces the spread of	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be associated with	joint pain
joint pain	is a	common symptom of infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be treated with	intravenous fluids
intravenous fluids	help maintain	hydration
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can lead to	septic shock
septic shock	is a	life-threatening condition
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted through	contaminated soil
contaminated soil	can contain	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be diagnosed through	stool analysis
stool analysis	can detect	bacterial presence
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can result in	persistent diarrhea
persistent diarrhea	can lead to	dehydration
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	proper handling of raw meat
proper handling of raw meat	reduces the risk of	contamination
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be associated with	respiratory distress
respiratory distress	is a	serious symptom of infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	chills
chills	are a	common symptom of infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted through	contact with contaminated surfaces
contact with contaminated surfaces	facilitates	bacterial transmission
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be treated with	antimicrobial agents
antimicrobial agents	help fight	bacterial infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	inflammation of the colon
inflammation of the colon	is known as	colitis
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	washing hands properly
washing hands properly	reduces	bacterial contamination
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be associated with	urinary tract symptoms
urinary tract symptoms	include	pain or burning during urination
pain or burning during urination	may indicate	urinary tract infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be diagnosed through	stool culture
stool culture	helps identify	bacterial presence
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can result in	pulmonary complications
pulmonary complications	can affect	the lungs
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be treated with	supportive care
supportive care	includes	rest and hydration
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	gastrointestinal symptoms
gastrointestinal symptoms	include	nausea
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	avoiding contaminated water sources
avoiding contaminated water sources	reduces	bacterial exposure
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be associated with	septicemia
septicemia	is a	life-threatening condition
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can lead to	chronic complications
chronic complications	may require	long-term management
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted through	contact with animal feces
contact with animal feces	increases the risk of	bacterial exposure
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be managed with	dietary modifications
dietary modifications	can help alleviate	symptoms
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	sore throat
sore throat	is a	common symptom of infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be treated with	antiemetic medications
antiemetic medications	help control	nausea
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	muscle aches
muscle aches	are a	common symptom of infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted during	childbirth
childbirth	increases the risk of	bacterial transmission
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	avoiding raw or undercooked seafood
raw or undercooked seafood	may contain	harmful bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be associated with	skin rash
skin rash	is a	common symptom of infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can lead to	kidney damage
kidney damage	can result in	renal failure
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be diagnosed by	analyzing stool samples
stool samples	can reveal	the presence of bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be treated with	antifungal medications
antifungal medications	help fight	bacterial infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	abdominal cramps
abdominal cramps	are a	common gastrointestinal symptom
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted through	contaminated water
contaminated water	can contain	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	using proper hygiene practices
using proper hygiene practices	reduces	bacterial exposure
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be associated with	kidney complications
kidney complications	can occur as a result of	infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be treated with	antiviral medications
antiviral medications	help fight	bacterial infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	fever
fever	is a	common symptom of infection
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted through	contaminated soil
contaminated soil	can contain	bacteria
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be diagnosed through	laboratory tests
laboratory tests	can detect	bacterial presence
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can result in	persistent diarrhea
persistent diarrhea	can lead to	electrolyte imbalance
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be prevented by	proper food storage
proper food storage	reduces	bacterial growth
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be associated with	respiratory complications
respiratory complications	can affect	the lungs
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can cause	nausea and vomiting
nausea and vomiting	are common	gastrointestinal symptoms
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be transmitted through	contact with contaminated objects
contact with contaminated objects	facilitates	bacterial transmission
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can be managed with	pain medication
pain medication	helps alleviate	symptoms
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can result in	kidney failure
kidney failure	is a	serious complication
intestinal infection due to e. coli	can occur as a result of	poor personal hygiene
poor personal hygiene	increases	bacterial exposure
